Trim intro and results on contribution model (#447)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-manuscript: content/02.introduction.md

Just as cooperation accelerates specimens and data sharing, collaboration among researchers including computational and bench scientists, clinicians, and pathologists is critical for rigorous genomic analysis.

Although there has been significant progress elucidating genomic bases of pediatric brain tumor formation and progression, translating therapeutic agents to phase II or III clinical trials and subsequent FDA approvals have not kept pace.

> Within the last 20 years, the FDA has approved only seven targeted agents for treating pediatric brain tumors [@url:https://www.fda.gov/about-fda/oncology-center-excellence/pediatric-oncology-drug-approvals].

Reviewer: Instead of fully cutting these, what if we list the therapies and MOA without tumor types targeted? I hate to cut this, as it is _the impetus_ for all of our work.

Author: What, specifically, is the impetus? It was not clear to me from how was written.

Reviewer: The lack of FDA approved drugs over decades which can be used for pediatric brain tumors, hence we urgently need to identify more novel therapeutics to target these tumors.

Author: > The lack of FDA approved drugs over decades which can be used for pediatric brain tumors

is covered by:

> Within the last 20 years, the FDA has approved only seven targeted agents for treating pediatric brain tumors 

In my opinion. 

We are in a position where we have to cut many words to meet our limit.

> This is, in part, due to pharmaceutical company priorities and toxicity concerns, which pose challenges for pediatric clinical trials.

Reviewer: This sounds a bit vague now - how about:

"This is partly due to pharmaceutical company priorities, posing challenges for researchers to obtain therapeutic agents for pediatric clinical trials."

> This is, in part, due to pharmaceutical company priorities and toxicity concerns, which pose challenges for pediatric clinical trials.

Author: ```suggestion
This is due partly to pharmaceutical company priorities, posing challenges for researchers to obtain therapeutic agents for pediatric clinical trials.
```

> This is due partly to pharmaceutical company priorities, posing challenges for researchers to obtain therapeutic agents for pediatric clinical trials.

Author: I screwed this up in the last suggestion:

```suggestion
This is partly due to pharmaceutical company priorities, posing challenges for researchers to obtain therapeutic agents for pediatric clinical trials.
```
